what's up guys it's me rage like to
welcome back to an amazing seat it's
built six and parently double villages
was patched after build for of beta
android 0.9 point zero but apparently my
friend you ulit arrow i believe um the
guy that also gave me the mushroom more
mushroom bottom seat also found the seed
it's called 944 96 1089 I will leave
that in the description down below I've
already memorized the seed it's so
amazing though this is a double village
seed and apparently it was patched and
build for and look where we are now
alpha build six guys so let's go ahead
and generate the world so it's basically
at spawn so you're spotting right here
and apparently I'm glitched out right
now hopefully it fixes itself real quick
or else I'm gonna have to render it
again or I'll just have to exit the app
real quick and end your back in and we
should be good to go so let's go back in
into the world and there we go so you're
gonna fly up fly up and then look
towards you and start flying straight
just straight and on the right you will
see the village so right now you see one
village and you can see this is a pretty
big village on in my opinion and boom
another village over there double
village seed guys and build six that's
amazing um sadly none of these villagers
have a blacksmith but this is a really
cool like a cool see that he found it's
pretty much a loophole in 0.90 build six
so that's pretty cool guys if you're
interested in checking that guy out he
might even give you some seeds again
that'd be really nice but this is a
weird looking building honestly oh but
let's go ahead and now jump in and see
what's available inside probably nothing
but villagers and this little glitch
right here a terrain Lich but honestly
guys thank you guys so much for all the
support that you guys have given me so
far I'm getting closer and closer to 60
thousand subscribers each and every day
so I want to thank you guys so much
anyways I hope you guys liked this video
give it a like and a favorite and
subscribe if you haven't already and I
will see you guys later peace out guys
bye
you